(It's not a slow-motion video...)
Kim Lip: AREEE YOUUU READYYYY?
Yves: Yes!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack"
Kim  Lip: We have to dance like this, right?
(But HaSeul's eyes are almost closed!)
HaSeul: Before I came here, I stayed up all night.
HaSeul: And... you know, I just wanted to look pretty
HaSeul: Becuase it's been a long time for me to shoot a music video.
HaSeul: But I heard my turn will be started at 9 pm.
HaSeul: So I believe it would be better to sleep little more before.
HaSeul: But it's okay.
Kim Lip: You're wrong!
HaSeul: I'm not wrong!
Kim Lip: Your face would be puffy, if you slept.
HaSeul: Right!
Kim Lip: Today's supporting actress!
HaSeul: I'm HaSeul Jo from London!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / HaSeul - 소년, 소녀 (Let Me In)"
HaSeul: What time is it now?
Kim Lip: It's 12:45 am!
HaSeul: I walk slowly like this...
HaSeul: Suddenly I find Chuu like' Oh, it's Chuu~'
HaSeul: I wake her up smoothly
HaSeul: When Chuu gets up...
HaSeul: Then I go on my way again!
Kim Lip: Oh, really?
HaSeul: Yes. That's just what I heard...
Kim Lip: Oh, okay~